Brother Qin
Don't be so pessimistic?
You and I are brothers after all
I want to kill you.
You're already dead.
I won't live to be now
Then what are you doing here?
Are you here to see my jokes?
I came here because
I think Brother Qin is a talent
It's a pity to die like this
Why don't you follow me and work under me
I guarantee you a lifetime of glory
How about he shut up
It's nonsense
You just called me an ant and a citizen
I thought you were awesome
It turns out that you are just another person's dog.
bastard
What's my proposal?
Not much.
It seems that Brother Qin still does not understand the situation
Brother Sun, I am in very good health.
It's just that the waist is not very good
Can't bend
Why don't you come and rub it for me?
You pariah are courting death
Shut up yeah
Well, since you insist on courting death
Lord Wu, take the things
What is this?
Of course it's your murder confession
Brother Sun is trying to force tribute by words and deeds
I told you so.
You have no choice.
What if I don't sign?